Feature/dx 1195 rename payments (#687)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: payment-instruments/index.md

---
title: Payment Instruments
redirect_from: /payments/
estimated_read: 30
description: |

>   Payments is our off-the-rack assortment of payment instruments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Payment Instruments is our off-the-rack assortment of possibilities. Pick the one(s) you like.
```
Something along those lines? Feel free to play some more with it if you want :)

*   [Card][card]
*   [Invoice][invoice]

> *   [MobilePay Online][invoice]

Reviewer: Why does this link to invoice?

Author: fixed it
